# Terms of Use

Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before
using the https://omnitrezor.com website (the "Service") operated by Tektite Software LLC ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and
others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

## Links To Other Web Sites  

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are
not owned or controlled by Tektite Software LLC.

Tektite Software LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for,
the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that Tektite Software LLC shall
not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on
any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites
or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies
of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Texas, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held
to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these
Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement
between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior
agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time without notice.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

## Privacy

Tektite Software LLC does not collect any personal details of the visitors of https://omnitrezor.com.  Cryptocurrency transaction details and wallet private key information are not logged or stored in way by Tektite Software LLC.  Signed transactions will be broadcast to the cryptocurrency network by third parties not under the control of Tektite Software LLC.  We reserve the right to implement website analytics software such as Google Analytics, which may utilize Cookies.

## Losses

Tektite Software LLC, its employees, and any contributors to https://omnitrezor.com can not be held liable for any losses sustained as a result of using the Service.  The Service is provided as-is with no warranties or guarantees.

## MIT License

Â© 2019 Tektite Software, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
